well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we have a very special fourth
of july message
uh something specific to independence
day given the fact that we live in a
country where all men are created equal
and we're going to talk about that we're
going to talk about a slogan
something that gets said all over the
country right now but it only gets set
at certain times
we're going to talk about why that
happens what the intent is and
what people really mean hey babe when
ooh i'm sorry are you working it's
the fourth of july i thought you weren't
gonna work tonight
uh not everybody who watches the channel
lives in the us and cares about our
holidays
yeah but certainly the internet people
wouldn't stop you or
be mad at you for being mostly concerned
with your own holidays in your own
country
all countries matter really okay
whatever
uh look we have that family reunion
tomorrow all families matter
whatever it's your family are you doing
the fundraiser for the women's shelter
because that's also tomorrow
it isn't really yeah i've been thinking
about that um
i'm not sure because uh
you know men get impacted by db as well
i don't know why we should just do a
fundraiser for a women's shelter
maybe we should do a fundraiser for all
shelters
yes it affects men too but isn't it
worse for women
if we fix the systemic issues impacting
them wouldn't that help
everybody
yeah i mean probably it might did you
just wrote me into a bit
maybe
good night internet people
we hear that a lot now
all lives matter cool then you have no
problem with black lives matter
if the only time you say all lives
matter is as a response
to somebody saying the black lives
matter you have to question your own
motives
you have to wonder what your real intent
is do you really believe
that all lives matter and all lives
deserve justice
if that's true then you should have no
issue with the phrase black lives matter
because black is part of all but that's
not how it gets used that's not what
gets said
when people say it what they're really
doing is trying
to turn down the volume on that message
they're trying to say well yeah yeah
yeah that's all fine and good but we
have to focus on
us us but not you
not you specifically we need to be more
concerned about society as a whole
and since you know since the country was
founded you
really weren't part of society and we've
pretty much always pretended
that the whole time that we don't need
to worry about you
if the only time you're saying all lives
matter
is a way to downplay
somebody else's message that
is the systemic racism that they're
talking about
the fear of most people who say that is
that
if black people get equality
well then white folk they're going to
have to
stand on their own they're going to have
to stand on their own individual
accomplishments
they won't have the privilege that's
granted to them by their skin tone
by the status of those that came before
them
they're not going to have access to all
of that because
maybe all men will be created equal
and that's how it would be seen by
society at large
so yeah anyway it's just a thought happy
4th of july
and all countries matter